gugel(1) -- convert pizza & Mountain Dew into rock-solid (web) apps
================================================================

## DESCRIPTION

`Alexander Gugel` turns pizza & Mountain Dew into rock-solid web apps. He is
a brilliant Full-Stack Software Engineer. Currently, he is working on awesome
projects [@HackReactor](http://www.hackreactor.com/).

In its default mode, `Alexander Gugel` converts one or more input
<Mountian Dew>s to awesome pieces of Software. His productivity is awesome, but
can be further enhanced through <Indian food> or <Pizza>. The `--Node.JS`,
`--Angular.JS`, and `--Backbone.JS` options dictate which output files are
generated. A wide range of possible output files are available.

## PROJECTS

* **FastPass Exchange** (Group project), *Tech Lead*:

  FastPass Exchange gives Disneyland visitors the power to go on all the rides
  they want, when they want.

  * dove into existing code base and became fluent in Ionic within four days
  * fixed multiple bugs and enhanced Firebase integration using AngularFire
  * significantly enhanced UI and UX

* **Trrnts** (Group Project), *Product Owner, Tech Lead*:

  Trrnts is the front page for the BitTorrent network, providing insights
  through interactive analytics and data visualizations that leverage the DHT
  protocol.

  * lead a team of developers as a tech lead and product owner
  * optimized, refactored and deployed existing code base while re implementing
    mission-critical parts
  * enhanced existing D3 data visualisations by writing appropriate AngularJS
    directive
  * used advanced data-structures, including HyperLogLog and Sorted Set in
    conjunction with Redis to achieve near real-time monitoring while writing
    memory-efficient code inspired by functional programming style scraped
    popular BitTorrent torrenting sites in order to bootstrap web app

* **Trrnts** (Hackathon Project):

  Trrnts originally was a Proof of Concept that demonstrated the crawlability of
  the Mainline BitTorrent DHT network in order to monitor the popularity of
  pre-defined torrents and local distribution of peers.

  * implemented MVP within two days during Hackathon
  * designed, implemented and optimized a crawler for the Mainline BitTorrent
    DHT network
  * leveraged UDP based protocol and Node.JS dgram library in order to monitor
    the popularity of various torrents
  * crawled about 12 mio peers and executed 10 thousand concurrent operations
    per second
  * organized and led team to continue working on the prototype


* **Odin** (Learning Experience):

  Odin is a foolproof text-based multi-room chat application inspired by the
  popular IRC protocol.

  * leveraged Socket.IO for real-time updates
  * had ~30 users at peak
  * posted on Hacker News


* **Penetration Testing**  (Learning Experience):

  Found security flaws in two major banking websites.

  * analyzed banking websites for security vulnerabilities
  * accidentally discovered XSS open redirect vulnerabilities

* **Meatr** (Learning Experience):

  Meatr is a social network for German students.

  * implemented social network while learning PHP
  * gained initial traction
  * had about 30 active users at peak

Please note: The projects are sorted in reverse chronological order. They do not
necessarily reflect my badassery, but rather my personal and professional
development.

## BUGS

`Alexander Gugel` is written in Node.JS and depends on <pizza> and
<Mountain Dew>, extension libraries that are non-trivial to install on some
systems. A more portable version of these dependencies would be welcome.

## COPYRIGHT

gugel is Copyright (C) 2014 Alexander Gugel <alexander.gugel@gmail.com>

## SEE ALSO

groff(1), man(1), pandoc(1), manpages(5), markdown(7), roff(7), ronn-format(7)
